Add alloy.openapi#openapiExtensions & docs (#42)
disneystreaming/alloy: README.md

For full documentation on what each of these traits does, see the smithy specification [here](modules/core/resources/META-INF/smithy/proto/proto.smithy).

### alloy#dateFormat

> This trait is used to express that a `String` in your model is formatted as a date.

Reviewer: Can't remember where we landed on this, but do we want to put an explicit format for the dates here? `yyyy-mm-dd` or whatever?

Author: I guess... I was not sure if we wanted to duplicate this info since I added it as documentation on shape itself: https://github.com/disneystreaming/alloy/pull/39

Reviewer: I think we should put it in the readme so people can quickly see if it is something that will work for a given use case or not, but that's just my 2 cents so I am fine with whatever you decide

```smithy
structure Test {
  @dateFormat
  myDate: String
}
```

### alloy.openapi

> This namespaces contains shapes related to the OpenAPI format. These shapes can be used to express OpenAPI specifications details that do not translate naturally in Smithy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This namespace contains shapes related to the OpenAPI format. These shapes can be used to express OpenAPI specification details that do not translate naturally in Smithy.
```
